Add task argument pair extraction (#409)
neulab/ExplainaBoard: docs/task_qa_table_text_hybrid.md

# Analyzing QA over Hybrid Tabular/Textual Content

In this file we describe how to analyze QA models trained on datasets 
with a hybrid of tabular and textual context.

> We will give an example using the  [tat_qa](https://github.com/ExpressAI/DataLab/blob/main/datasets/tat_qa/tat_qa.py) dataset, but other datasets
> can be analyzed in a similar way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently ExplainaBoard supports analysis over the  [tat_qa](https://github.com/ExpressAI/DataLab/blob/main/datasets/tat_qa/tat_qa.py) dataset.
```

## Data Preparation

In order to perform analysis of your results, they should be in the following json format:

```json
[
{"q_id": "b64f475c0e1cc1e653d0b239f09da0d7", "answer": ["48.4"], "scale": "million"},
{"q_id": "a7457ad860d3137ebc05538509ad8ac8", "answer": 31.95, "scale": "million"},
{"q_id": "b484c510cb9ee8dd1f9524e0fad578dd", "answer": 35.15, "scale": "million"},
...
]
```
where each line represents one predicted answer. Specifically,
* `q_id` represents the question id
* `answer` denotes the predicted answer
* `scale` is the predicted scale.

> Check this [page](https://www.datafountain.cn/competitions/573/datasets) to know detailed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check this [page](https://www.datafountain.cn/competitions/573/datasets) to see a detailed 
```
